alright ladies and gentlemen the moment
has arrived it's time for a new DSP
tries it I know you guys get excited for
DSP tries it can I've rarely do it
we got another very special vest event
going on today and today I'm gonna do
something unprecedented something I have
never done in the 10 plus years of DSP
tries it alright today we are going to
do a side-by-side taste test comparison
to burgers from Burger King 1 is a real
whopper and one is the impossible
whopper now to clarify I have never had
the impossible whopper ever before I
don't know what it tastes like I don't
know if it actually tastes like a real
whopper or not I have no clue ok also I
love the real whopper ok I absolutely
love the real whopper a lot so people
have been asking me to try the
impossible whopper for a while it came
out was like a year and a half ago or
something like that they've been asking
me to do it I said I don't do DSP tries
it anymore sorry guys I don't need fast
food but since we've been doing these
vest celebrations and since you guys are
so supportive I decided I would do
another DSP tries it and you guys said
we got to do this man this is something
that we wanted you to do for the longest
time alright and so I said alright I'll
do it but I wanted to do a special spin
so what I've done is I ordered one of
each the same exact preparation alright
I don't know there's no nothing to
discern between these two I don't know
which burgers which right now ok I have
no idea what I'm gonna do is by sight by
smelling by taste I'm gonna try to
determine which one's the impossible
whopper and then I'm gonna tell you what
I actually think it's like ok by the way
oh my god they smell good oh I'm so
hungry too mmm they both smell great um
Ryan did two hundred bits years when he
said yes bring on the burger and then he
said thank you for doing another DSP
tries ok all right now
let's talk the whopper it's a big burger
from Burger King it's a lot of meat it's
one of my favorite burgers of all time
it's flame broiled instead of being
fried so it's a lot less greasy than
other burgers that you would get at a
fast-food place and has a cool char
flavor to it because it's made on a
grill so it actually has in my opinion
more flavor than a lot of other burgers
you would get out there certainly if
you're doing a head-to-head competition
between like Burger King and McDonald's
I would eat Burger King ten times out of
ten it's that good the whopper itself is
a giant meat patty well in the case of
the real whopper not the impossible
whopper that has lettuce tomato pickles
onions mayo and ketchup on a sesame seed
bun now you get variations with cheese
or bacon but I just got the standard
okay now looking at these two whoppers
okay just the look of the two they look
almost identical when you're looking at
them right um they have the same grill
marks you look both whoppers have like
grill marks on them okay so in that case
that's really not a way to discern them
between the two looking at both this one
in my left hand looks like it's a little
bit more darker and singed around the
edges the one in my right hand looks
like it's more of us squared off patty
all right and it looks a little bit
lighter in color so if you look up close
right this one's lighter in color and a
little bit more like like straight on
the edge while this one looks more like
a natural burger just off of the looks
I'm gonna guess this is the impossible
whopper and this is the real whopper
okay so now assuming that this is the
impossible whopper I want to take a look
at it first and just see you know how
different does it look from a real
whopper okay so looking at it initially
the patty itself does look like it's a
preformed patty of something that's not
me it does it kind of reminds me of some
of those burgers that are supposed to be
imitation burgers that's kind of what it
looks like to me doesn't mean anything
about the flavor but certainly looking
at the burger itself
you know what doll but don't want to
look at the bottom of it that looks like
almost like real meat maybe I'm all but
it does it kind of looks like real meat
from the bottom ok let's take a look at
the other one so this is the one that I
suspect is the real whopper okay and you
know I think that the real key evidence
here that it's a real whopper is the
burgers shape changed as it cooked you
can actually see it's not perfectly
rounded if it's in its meat based you're
gonna have fat that's gonna render off
of it and therefore it's gonna change
shape so I'm gonna guess this is the
real burger I really do think this is
the real burger although if you look at
the bots it looks kind of similar to the
other one on the bottom a little bit
darker color but it does look similar on
the bottom as well ok I think I'm right
ok umm smelling it smells exactly as I
expect a whopper to smell I smell the
condiments like the the tankiness of the
ketchup I still some of the onion I
smell a little bit of the charred meat
smelling the one that I suspect is the
impossible robber smells the same they
actually smell exactly the same ok they
do they smell exactly the same to me
alright so here's what I'm gonna do
let's take a bite of the real whopper
that I think is the real whopper not
confirmed let's take a bite of the one
that I think is the real whopper and I'm
gonna take a bite of the supposed
impossible whopper and we're gonna go
from there
well well sparking changes took $10
before you bite the burgers put on
gunnar glasses oh my god alright well we
did hit the vest goal for today thank
you guys very much i appreciate that no
[ __ ]
thank you very much we're not vest week
151 awesome all right you guys want me
to put on the glasses you don't many
switch vests cuz I know it was either
gonna be switched to the platinum vest
to put on the glasses
I guess people want the glasses I don't
how I'm supposed to eat this with
glasses on okay all right here we go
it's actually a lot easier to wear these
because I'm not wearing headphones today
I was thinking oh no it's gonna
interfere who's actually annoying to
wear these when I have the headphones
out I'm not playing games today so it's
actually not that big of a deal okay
so first like I said this is the one I
suspect is the real whopper wait is it
this is the one I suspect is the real
whopper let's take a let's take a bite
hmm it's tasty a little disappointing is
it school it's cold I had it delivered I
didn't drag the Burger King to get it
fresh so it probably was made like a
half an hour ago
so obviously it's cold but the flavors
got in fact look does it looks like a
clean bite right you can see all the
well they call that when you dissect
something you see it down the middle I
forget what they call those when you see
all the layers but it was quite good I
tasted more you taste more of the bun
and the condiments and and the the
veggies when you first bite it
cross-section that's what it's called a
cross-section here is like a cross
section of the burger just by biting it
like that right um it's good although
admittedly the burger flavor is kind of
light you get a little more of the after
cheese you like a char after taste in
your mouth from it okay so I suspect
that's the regular burger let's now take
a bite of what I suspect is the
impossible whopper okay
hmm
there's the cross-section of that after
the bite all right I'm gonna be honest
it doesn't taste like the regular
whopper it really doesn't actually it
tastes different I would say it does
have a char flavor to it but it doesn't
necessarily taste like me it doesn't
it's good I actually like the flavor of
it I'm gonna take another bite
it's not bad I would say hold on
there you go I would say Mina it's hard
to tell
here's what I actually want to do I want
to take a little piece of just the
burger itself and eat it just without
the condiments I just want to break a
piece off okay
doesn't it smell like a burger it's got
a unique smell but I don't know what I
actually don't know what that smells
like
you don't get there's no how can i how
can I best say this there's no
savoriness to that burger when you eat a
burger you get a savory flavor you know
what I mean
like that meat is packed with nutrients
that knee is packed with with let's
admit it fat and I don't get that out of
that burger
I get more like it has a little bit of
flavor to it but I can't even put my
finger on what it does taste like but it
certainly doesn't taste like the meat
from this whopper in fact I'm gonna do
exactly the same thing here I'm gonna
rip a piece off of this whopper just to
taste it right and compare it see I
smell that I smell meat I smell char it
seems like it's dense right I would
double the consistency of the real
whopper is more dense and actually more
chewy than the impossible whopper the
impossible whoppers a little bit more
Airy I would say and lighter maybe
that's a good thing if your is really
gonna eat something that's not real meat
and it's a lighter a lighter E right
maybe that's a good thing okay
I'm diggin another I'll do you another
bite see here
hmm she's not bad at all in fact what I
would say is the fact that has all those
veggies those nice fresh veggies and the
condiments it goes together perfectly if
I were just to sit down and just eat
this this whopper this impossible
whopper patty maybe I would be a little
bit disappointed
it does have flame char taste to it let
me confirm it absolutely has that flame
grill flavor as the regular whopper does
okay 100% I taste that but the
consistency is it's lighter it's not as
dense and it just doesn't have that
flavor that meat flavor at all
it still has flavor but it's probably
the spices and things in the patty
itself it's not the actual flavor of
meat they didn't nail it okay
all right so here's what I'll do I'll
take one more bite of each and I'm gonna
give you my verdict let me take another
bite of the regular whopper here okay
mmm
that savoriness that meatiness comes
through so well in the whopper and the
burgers so big you get so much of it
some people argue they don't like the
whopper because too flat they say
because the burger is so flat you lose a
lot of the juiciness admittedly this
burger ain't juicy you're not buying a
whopper for the juice but you are
getting a good meat flavor most of the
juice would be considered the fact that
when you grilled it went through the
grill I'm not saying this thing's
healthy it ain't trust me it ain't
healthy
but compared to McDonald's or other
places that just use the grill fry this
thing's not cooking constantly in its
own juices so it's definitely not a
grease dripping burger I've never once
in my life in a whopper that was
dripping with grease not once
okay alright I should call this out
someone's and what about the saltiness
cuz I always call it the saltiness and
ESP tries it neither burgers
particularly salty that's another thing
about the whopper it's not a super salt
piece of food like a lot of other fast
foods you'll buy she's all I tasted to
salt no it's not it's actually you taste
that you taste the flavors or whatever
the meat is you taste the char and you
taste the flavor of all the veggies and
the condiments you don't taste salt salt
salt
there's nothing overpowering that's
ruining the flavor and it's another
reason why I really like the whopper
okay okay let's take another bite of the
impossible whopper and then I'm gonna
tell you guys what I think overall okay
hmm okay
I do there were a few shoutouts here
Martin King cheered and said where's the
mail every time I get BK they smother it
with so much mail I have to wipe some
off there is a lot of mayo on it but
it's not overpowering to the point where
it's making a mess they did a good job
there they actually did overcook the bun
on the impossible whopper the bottom is
kind of hard
I think they over toasted it Burger King
toasts their buns some other places
don't they over toasted the bottom on
this one all the waffle read subscribe
for two months thing you off a waffle
master Nutella did a 50 bit cheer and
says I see her enjoying that krabby
patty after playing spongebob yesterday
actually wonder how much krabby patty
would taste if it's made of real crab
probably damn good
chug to the hundred chairs a burger
straight out of the [ __ ] trash and no
it's not
and wing Stein vom Samuel Stang
subscribe to the channel oh boy alright
so here's the deal I can tell you right
now the impossible whopper it's lighter
than the regular whopper it's not as
dense whatsoever and it doesn't really
have a meat flavor to it it still tastes
good it's got good herbs and spices in
it the flavor complements the veggies
and the condiments that are on the
burger itself but it doesn't taste like
a normal whopper to me I guess the thing
they're saying closest is that because
it has a char flavor to it okay but it
definitely doesn't taste like real meat
to me especially when you're eating it
you feel it's lighter in your mouth it
doesn't feel like real meat doesn't
necessarily have that savory flavor of a
real burger
now for what I'm to understand if you
look at the calorie intake and
everything and you compare these two yes
the impossible whopper is healthier for
you than the regular whopper but not by
much and you would not go to Burger King
and eat this and say oh this is healthy
it's not it's still you know it's grease
its fat calories it's you know the
condiments Everall it's still just you
know I wouldn't say just as bad but you
know BAM Burger King finally has an on
and meat alternative I got to go there
and get it cuz it's gonna be health food
no it's definitely not considered
healthy at all okay at all
price-wise usually you can get a regular
whopper for various different price
points I've seen it for his cheapest
$2.50 because they do two four five
dollar deals I've seen it for his
expensive as like almost six dollars
okay the impossible whopper sells for
between five and six dollars okay so
it's roughly in line with the price of
the whopper actually usually a little
bit more expensive so you're gonna pay a
little bit of a premium price to get the
impossible whopper if you are a you know
not if you just don't eat me and you
want to eat at Burger King your friends
are eating at Burger King you can get
this and it kind of tastes like a burger
not dead-on kind of tastes like a burger
and it actually tastes good it's
definitely a good sandwich is it a good
burger
probably not you don't get the flavor of
meat you don't get the savoriness of the
meat for that you're gonna want to go
with the real whopper of course but it's
not bad um I definitely think it's
expensive I think that the regular
whopper for the value you get in the
burger should be around maybe three to
four dollars tops although today they
charge like five or six the impossible
whopper is not worth six dollars it's
just not okay especially cuz it's not as
dense as the other whopper you may end
up not even being as filled after you
eat it as a regular whopper so I'm gonna
say probably overpriced for what it is
not surprising this is a big health food
craze and everything and people are
trying to all cut calories and you
whatever it's definitely not worth six
plus dollars a lot but what I would say
is um all things consider all right all
things considered I would probably give
the impossible whopper yeah maybe a
three out of five okay it's good it's
not great um it's not bad it's certainly
better than other things I've had um
I've had some veggie burgers that tasted
you really like vegetables this doesn't
taste like vegetables but it doesn't
taste like me either um it's the closest
kind of burger replacement that I've
ever had to a real burger but it
certainly doesn't taste like a burger so
if that's what you're going for you're
probably going to be disappointing
don't think anyone would go to Burger
King accidentally order the impossible
whopper instead of the regular Robert
eat it and be like wow it tastes just
like a real whopper it you know it
doesn't but it's still good
I would I would order this if I were
looking for a meat alternative you know
me I have issues eating a lot of red
meat if I was like a day I don't want to
eat red meat today I would order this a
Burger King it doesn't taste bad to me
at all um I just think it's too
expensive
okay how does it compare to the Big Mac
the Big Mac is a joke it's to regular
burger patties on a ton of [ __ ] white
bread the Big Mac is terrible okay so
that's my rating by the way the regular
whopper I really like him I would
probably give the regular whopper like a
3.5 or 4 out of 5 I think is one of the
better fast-food burgers out there
obviously it's not as good as something
freshly made like five guys or habit
burger Hobbit burgers a step up from
this okay but for a fast food quick
quick Eber gur oh this is pretty damn
good I like the whopper better than
anything you would get like McDonald's
or something like that okay
so I hope you guys enjoyed this
head-to-head taste test The Impossible
versus the whopper I like the regular
whopper better and the regular whoppers
cheaper but this ain't bad if you're
looking for an alternative to real meat
this is certainly on par it's not you
know it doesn't have that savory flavor
but I still like it it's just a little
bit pricey but I would say about a three
out of five okay guys that's it can the
impossible whopper taste SDS B tries it
hope you guys enjoyed it thanks a lot
for watching